So when I saw my son for the first time, I saw his big eyes open, I just thought, Johova, what a blessing he's given to me.
I couldn't believe that this was our boy, it was overwhelming.
When I was told that Jaden is autistic, I didn't know what it was.
So I immediately started doing my homework.
I need to know what it is so I can succeed because I love this boy.
And I don't want to fail him.
Being a new mom, I started doing the research and talking to a pediatrician.
Every day was like a mystery and you need that time to process together and we're like, you know, okay now what do we do?
It was key to talk to Johova because this can be overwhelming, just trying to understand the challenges that you have to prepare yourself for
to endure as an advocate for your child.
I think being present and in our case has been very important with Jaden because there's just glimpses of his personality that you're able to capture and you might not see it again.
So those are the things that drive us.
We've been fortunate enough to have such a strong set of friends.
They're the ones that call us and say, how are you doing?
You know, outside of Jaden, how are you doing?
What's keeping you going?
You know, those are the things that really stay with us and help us just keep moving along and showing you long.
Jaden's vocabulary is limited. If he's angry, we ask him, are you feeling angry? Yes, angry. Well, why?
I don't know. Okay. Well, what happened?
I'll take a picture with my phone. You see, you don't look happy. And he said, I'm like, why? He'll slowly let it out, you know.
And then I'll find a picture of my phone with him happy. I'm like, that's Jaden right there. And then we work at it.
But I think it helps him to see it because he sees himself.
And with Jaden reading words, writing words is not really the thing that's going to cement anything into his heart or brain.
So most of it is going to be drawn or acted out. Thank goodness we have so much video content now.
And he loves the Sophia and Kayla videos. When that came, we were just so grateful to Jehovah because it really felt like it was made for us.
We had the illustrated Bible stories. It had dialogue, an action tile. I would act those out with him.
When we prepare for assembly, we sing the songs throughout the whole program so that he feels that he has an idea of what's coming.
We were serving in Spanish congregation, but we realized we need to move to the English congregation so that Jaden could thrive.
It's been a fun ride with getting Jaden to comment at meetings, telling the friends, hey, you know, he wants to comment, but it's going to be maybe something you don't understand.
And they were so good about it that constant support was enough for him to want to do it on his own.
So he knows that we have to share our faith. He knows that others don't have our hope.
Our ministry is part of our life, so that means we're publishers to get that done. So we help them to get to that place.
He's going to talk about his faith. He's going to share it the way he can. He wants to get baptized.
Yeah, I think that, you know, when we make it to the New World, he's going to know everything that's been done to get us there and to be there as a family.
Peace.
I think of us being over hill for some reason and think of him being between us because that's how he's kind of the dynamic.
Him holding us and saying we did it. We did it together. Jehovah is giving us the best gift, which is our son, Jaden.